I'm not having an affair
Nancy is our realtor I knew he couldn't
be the woman for 45 minutes why do you
have a realtor she's been showing his
houses outside of the city what are you
serious we found out that we're gonna
get this baby Chandler and I started
talking and we decided that we didn't
want to raise a kid in the city so so
you're gonna move oh my god should we
all vote on stuff like this what is
wrong with raising a kid in the city I'm
doing it
Ross is doing it Sarah Jessica Parker is
doing it that's great for you guys but
we want a lawn in a swing set in a
street where kids can ride their bikes
and maybe an ice-cream truck can go by
so you want to buy a house in the 50s
what you're giving up you can't move out
of the city whatever
what did you want Chinese food at 5 a.m.
or a fake Rolex that breaks as soon as
it rains an asian hooker sent right to
your door you know what if you want to
look for a house that's okay no no it's
not don't listen to him I'm gonna thump
you it's okay because they have to get
it out of their system okay but you're
gonna realize this is the only place you
want to be actually we already found a
house we love what and about an hour ago
we made an offer
bet you wish I was having an affair now
you put an offer on a house it's so
sweet it really is it has this big yard
that leads down to the stream and then
there's these old maple trees again with
the nature what are you beavers I know
this is really hard I'm really sorry
is this because I come over here without
knocking in and eat your food because I
can stop doing that I really really
think I can no that's not the reason Joe
think if you saw it you'd understand me
you guys were there it's beautiful isn't
it yeah it is what the hell are you
doing well it is all right when we were
out there today all I kept thinking was
I can't believe Chandler is screwing
this woman but Matt doesn't be a nice
place to live but so is this yeah I mean
if you moved there you have to leave
here oh how can you leave this place
you can't move you just it just can't
Rachel's right this is where you guys
belong yeah you got you live in
Westchester that's like the worst of the
Chester's sometimes when I'm alone in my
apartment I look over here
and you guys are just having dinner or
watching TV or something but it makes me
feel better and now when I look over
well who am I gonna see the Gottlieb's
the the gangs they don't make me feel so
good yeah so don't move okay just stay
here and maybe close your blinds at
night hey that's a good thing we got it
then what we got the house oh my god
I just didn't want to tell you in front
of him we're getting out
we're getting a house and a baby we're
growing up
so who's gonna tell them damn it
you'll see seriously you guys what's
going on what are these for
well I didn't know how to tell you
before but we got the house enjoy
oh that's a